Update justify-content word, add start/end. (#38080)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/justify-content/index.md

- `flex-start`

>   - : The items are packed flush to each other toward the start edge of the alignment container depending on the flex container's main-start side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The items are packed flush to each other toward the start edge of the alignment container on the flex container's main-start side.
```

    This only applies to flex layout items. For items that are not children of a flex container, this value is treated like `start`.

- `flex-end`

>   - : The items are packed flush to each other toward the end edge of the alignment container depending on the flex container's main-end side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The items are packed flush to each other at the end edge of the alignment container on the flex container's main-end side.
```
